massacre in the gaggle versus the
lie of batman superman and the witness
de mauro with a look that emulates
villain of the movie
James Jones also known as the
denver joker did not show up before the
justice but the one who broke it from his
baticueva of the info was mauro that what
easy is to solve the case at a distance
at seven in the morning to Argentina
who went to see batman the day of the attack
in there I sold denver did not enter he stayed
with friends in the corner and came back to
rescue them argetina santiagueñas maría
emilia I am mauro viale very much like
on this day and they also talked about going and
there are not many we talk about people is
crazy so we 're going to be problematic
before people and well that's how really
I chain but you have to be close
English this after there is a lot
people are crazy
but then do not waste time if
you want the best coverage of the fact
marilyn monroe thought of the case
for example
myler moon
is here in cinema is more quiet
then it is better
enlightening testimony of a neighbor of
ember pistol because it really was not
so enlightening and the neighbor's
for travel account diego 17 blocks in
half away to go ask him
sugar or sos neighbor of the man who was
stopped the shooter
very shocking to know
very close in boy class is crazy
that was suddenly unleashed on a loner
normal pro solitaire makes a memory
cachito tries to tell us some talk
that you have had with this man with the
murderer some talk you've had
with this man with the killer
mauro has us badly used to
key witnesses and breaks her into working
you are not exactly from kandria not
I was possessed down there but not
will work among the testimonies that today
in Davos that gets the production
after an exhaustive investigation
normally many and two that was
linked with the people of country not
for nothing
simply part can
passed by someone simply so that
This has great value for justice
no boys if they want a witness
truth tell mom denver to give them
the baby's mom away from the place of
detonations
this is the apartment where the
author of the massacre the police had to
Take your time to enter because the
murderer told them he had left
explosives and traps ready to
make them detonate and right now they 're going to start
to do the job of activating the bombs
of those who are and for security
of us is not going to make something happen
more and then we are already out
by this intentional explosion they detonated
one of the traps as we said to the
principle today appeared before the
justice the man who choked him the
pochoclos a few batman fans
and presented a real aspect taken from
the fiction but from here it is followed
analyzing the case and is fundamental
role played by the club president
Enver shooting and go to the point
the guns six thousand ammunition was coming and
He had four weapons that was bought
all legally without any kind of
problem but I had made a request
to a shooting club a few days
before by email by email
the president of that shooting club called
for an interview that was found
with an answering machine such cultural slate
crazy like the one that gave me the most
instruction immediately to listen
that to his employees and that if he returned to
call do not give cavity entry
how was it not reported by the police
it is clear that neither 'batman and robin' us
they gave a hand maybe help come
flying from the sky
I would always play with me
good
gender
but I worry that is too big the
suit
and I'm taking care of caring for the
character not being a legend is not easy
I have many videos on youtube
good
to end luckily the girl
in the morning it was recomposed a touch like
will be of gross to the witness that up
he applied a bat and corrective
the security is there
the ambulantes were in two minutes
same eye marie miracle to the theme of the
security because to see entered a room
of cinema full of guys and teenagers
and of adults a man with two
revolvers and shotguns of so much
security and entered and I promised to stay
cinema with with normal clothes and then left
opened the exit door and it came out
of his team and nobody checked that this one
increased with a rifle